corrections to zcfSeat.fail; update kinds of seats (#791)
Agoric/documentation: main/reference/zoe-api/zcfseat.md

# ZCFSeat Object

Zoe uses **seats** to access or manipulate offers. Seats represent active
offers and let contracts and users interact with them. Two kinds of seats

> represent a single position, and allow interaction from within a contract

Reviewer: The clause ", and allow interaction from within a contract and from the outside." should be deleted. It's redundant with the following sentences and is unclear.

Author: done

and from the outside. **ZCFSeats** are used within contracts and with **zcf** methods.

> **UserSeats** represent offers external to Zoe and the contract. The two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**UserSeats** represent offers external to the contract. The two
```
Specifying "external to Zoe" doesn't add any useful information for the readers, correct?

Author: yep

   - **completion** **Object**
   - Returns: None.

Causes the **seat** to exit, preventing further changes to its allocation. All **payouts**,
if any, are made, and the **seat** object can no longer interact with the contract. The
**completion** argument is usually a string, but this is not required. Its

> only use is for the notification sent to the corresponding userSeat's exitSubscriber. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only use is for the notification sent to the corresponding **UserSeat**'s **[exitSubscriber](#e-userseat-getexitsubscriber)**. 
```

Author: fixed.
